6.1.0 (#105)
MetaMask/key-tree: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [6.1.0]
### Changed

> - Update `bip39` implementation from `scure-bip39` to metamask fork version `@metamask/scure-bip39` ([#101](https://github.com/MetaMask/key-tree/pull/101))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update BIP-39 implementation from `@scure/bip39` to MetaMask fork version `@metamask/scure-bip39` ([#101](https://github.com/MetaMask/key-tree/pull/101))
```

Reviewer 2: Yes indeed 😅

> - Update BIP-39 implementation from `@scure/bip39` to MetaMask fork version `@metamask/scure-bip39` ([#101](https://github.com/MetaMask/key-tree/pull/101))

Reviewer 3: I know that it's given in the PR, but maybe it's worth explaining what the fork does over the original implementation?

Reviewer 2: sure can do!

Reviewer 2: Done [here](https://github.com/MetaMask/key-tree/pull/105/commits/36bc2df2abc25c049a5823db86848a4295b4d1d3)

## [Unreleased]

## [6.1.0]
### Changed
- Update BIP-39 implementation from `@scure/bip39` to MetaMask fork version `@metamask/scure-bip39` ([#101](https://github.com/MetaMask/key-tree/pull/101))

>  - The `@metamask/scure-bip39` fork accepts mnemonics in `Uint8Array` format allowing us to progress to more secure patterns of passing mnemonics around. This change is non-breaking however, as the `mnemonicToSeed` function used in this package still accepts mnemonics in string format as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The `@metamask/scure-bip39` fork accepts secret recovery phrases in `Uint8Array` format making it possible to use more secure patterns of passing secret recovery phrases around. This change is non-breaking however, as the `mnemonicToSeed` function used in this package still accepts secret recovery phrases in string format.
```
